---
cover: /articles/danang.jpg
author:
  name: Anna Serba
  link: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6bOlfqP81ezjnYp2DnSfHw
date: 2024-01-17
layout: article
---

# A trip to Vietnam. Da Nang City

Vietnam is a country that impresses with its diversity and beauty. Here you can find mountains, jungles, beautiful beaches, and ancient cities. In this article, we will introduce you to the most interesting places in Vietnam that are worth a visit.

::hero
---
image: '/articles/danang/mikhe.jpg'
---
#title
Da Nang City -
#description
one of the most popular and picturesque cities in Vietnam, located on the coast of the South China Sea.::
::

This city is not only the cultural and economic center of the country, but also a place where tourists can enjoy a beach holiday, explore local attractions and taste the national cuisine.

## Климат и погода в Дананге

Da Nang is famous for its mild tropical climate, which is ideal for relaxing at any time of the year. The average air temperature is about +28 degrees, and the water temperature ranges from +25 to +29 degrees. The rainy season in Da Nang lasts from June to October, but even at this time you can find clear and sunny days.

## Main sights:

### Mi Khe Beach

It is considered one of the most beautiful beaches in Vietnam. Water sports such as surfing and diving are available here.

::gallery
---
images:
  - /articles/danang/mikhe.jpg
---
::

::gallery
---
images:
  - /articles/danang/mikhe2.jpg
  - /articles/danang/mikhe1.jpg
---
::

### Bana Hills Park
is known on five continents as one of the best theme parks and resorts in Vietnam. 
The resort's popularity peaked after the completion of the Golden Bridge in 2018. This truly grandiose structure has become a symbol of the region and attracted millions of tourists from all over the world to Vietnam, in particular to Bana Hills.
::gallery
---
images:
  - /articles/danang.jpg
  - /articles/danang/bana-hills1.jpg
---
::

### Marble Mountains
Sheer porous cliffs are interspersed with caves and grottoes that are full of Buddhist and Hindu shrines.

### Cham Towers By Nagar
They were built in the 7th century and are one of the oldest structures in Vietnam.

### Lin Ung Temple
was built in the 11th century and is one of the most important Buddhist temples in Vietnam.

## Hotels
I advise you to take hotels closer to the sea on the beach of My Khe and preferably in a busy area

