---
cover: /articles/hainan.jpg
author:
  name: Anna Serba
  link: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6bOlfqP81ezjnYp2DnSfHw
date: 2023-10-20
layout: article
---

# Hainan Island: China's Paradise

::hero
---
image: '/articles/hainan.jpg'
---
#title
Hainan Island –
#description
one of the most amazing and beautiful places in China.
::

 This tropical island is famous for its snow-white beaches, lush green mountains and many cultural and historical attractions. In this article, we will look at the main reasons why it is worth visiting this beautiful island.

Firstly, Hainan is an ideal place to relax on the beach. Here you will find many luxury resorts offering comfortable rooms and a variety of services. Hainan's beaches are famous for their fine white sand, clear water and lack of waves, which makes them ideal for swimming and water sports.

::gallery
---
images:
  - /articles/hainan/beach.jpg
---
::

Secondly, there are many interesting sights on Hainan Island, such as Nanshan Temple, where you can see ancient Chinese architectural monuments and sculptures, as well as visit the island's history museum. 

It is also worth visiting the Edge of the World Park, where there are unusual rocks and stone formations resembling animals and people.

::gallery
---
images:
  - /articles/hainan/park1.jpg
  - /articles/hainan/park2.jpg
---
::

In addition, you can enjoy a variety of water activities on Hainan, such as diving, snorkeling and water skiing. For those who like active recreation, excursions on ATVs and bicycles along picturesque mountain trails are offered.

::gallery
---
images:
  - /articles/hainan/beach1.jpg
---
::
## Hotels
The main tourist city is Sanya. The most popular beach with a hotel town is Dadonhai
<div id="0"></div>
